In the last lecture, we successfully tested our upload and hey, it's working.
There's one thing I want to make sure we also have implemented though and that is our fallback. In
feed.js under initialize media,
if we fail, we show our image picker.
Yes, showing it is nice but we definitely have to do something with it,
otherwise people can click it, can pick an image and then nothing happens.
So what I'll do is, below my capture button where we take an image from the camera, I'll reach out to
my image picker,
so to this variable where we get access to the image picker input element itself
and there I want to add an event listener.
I want to listen to the change event which is fired whenever a user changes the file, picks a new image
basically.
So here I then of course want to use that,
so here I will simply set picture equal to event target files,
that's a list of files.
Now our picker will only accept one,
so we can simply add or use the first element in this array.
This gives us access to whatever the user picked
and we will then upload that.
Now let's see if that also works.
So since I change the feed.js, let me bump up that static version number here,
let's reload our page to install the new service worker
and let's open it in a new tab and close the old one to activate it
and now let's try it and I will disable camera access or simply ask for it, so that I now can block
it and pick an image instead and I'll take that boat again.
Now let's see
boat from Munich again and let's see if we can upload this too. Got a push notification, let's reload the page,
here we go.
So this is also working and that's of course important.
I will disable or enable camera access again here,
so I will allow camera access for the future
but of course I wanted to check whether this works or not
so that we have a fallback working on older browsers or on devices which simply don't have a camera.
Now with that fallback implemented, now it's time to move on to add geolocation and fetch that user location
with it.